header injection modifications (#62)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Connection level metrics, or _edge metrics_, are available for many of your connections in the Anypoint Visualizer canvas. Depending on your deployment type (CloudHub, Standalone Mule, or Runtime Fabric), some inbound or outbound metrics do not appear at the connection level. You can use this guide to determine why metrics may be absent from your canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection-level metrics, or _edge metrics_, are available for many of your connections in the Anypoint Visualizer canvas. Depending on your deployment type (CloudHub, standalone Mule, or Runtime Fabric), some inbound or outbound metrics do not appear at the connection level. You can use this guide to determine why metrics are absent from your canvas.
```

| External Traffic to a Mule App
| Yes

> | If there is a connection from external traffic to a Mule app and also a connection from a Mule app using Mule version 4.x before April 14, 2020 or an -AM extension to the same app, then the Mule-app-to-Mule-app edge metric does not appear; rather, it is averaged into the value shown on the edge from external traffic.

Reviewer: This is pretty circuitous, and one sentence at that: any way to break this up or to word it more simply so that the long qualifier is more clear (using 4.x before April...or an extension to the same app)? Lost me there.

Author: ```suggestion
| If there is a connection from external traffic to a Mule app and also a connection from a Mule app using Mule version 4.x before April 14, 2020 or a Mule version with an -AM extension to the same app, then the Mule-app-to-Mule-app edge metric does not appear; rather, it is averaged into the value shown on the edge from external traffic.
```

Author: ```suggestion
| If there is a connection from external traffic to a Mule app and also a connection from a Mule app using Mule version 4.x released before April 14, 2020 or a Mule version with an -AM extension to the same app, then the Mule-app-to-Mule-app edge metric does not appear; rather, it is averaged into the value shown on the edge from external traffic.
```

> | If there is a connection from external traffic to a Mule app and also a connection from a Mule app using Mule version 4.x before <insert CH Release date with UA 2.2.2> or an -AM extension to the same app, then the Mule-app-to-Mule-app edge metric does not appear; rather, it is averaged into the value shown on the edge from external traffic.

Reviewer 2: Apr 14 2020

Author: ```suggestion
| If there is a connection from external traffic to a Mule app and also a connection from a Mule app using Mule version 4.x before April 14, 2020 or an -AM extension to the same app, then the Mule-app-to-Mule-app edge metric does not appear; rather, it is averaged into the value shown on the edge from external traffic.
```

| Mule App to a Mule App
| Yes

> | If the source node is a CloudHub app using Mule version 4.x before April 14, 2020 or an -AM extension, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:

Reviewer: So, does this mean a CloudHub app with an -AM extension or a Mule version 4.x with an -AM extension?
Maybe we should SHOW examples of each of the two types?

Also, delete that added comma.

Author: ```suggestion
| If the source node is a CloudHub app using Mule version 4.x before April 14, 2020 or a Mule version with an -AM extension, then metrics do not appear on that connection and the following message appears:
```

Author: ```suggestion
| If the source node is a CloudHub app using Mule version 4.x released before April 14, 2020 or a Mule version with an -AM extension, then metrics do not appear on that connection and the following message appears:
```

> | If the source node is a CloudHub app using Mule version 4.x before <insert CH Release date with UA 2.2.2> or an -AM extension, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:

Reviewer 2: Apr 14 2020

Author: ```suggestion
| If the source node is a CloudHub app using Mule version 4.x before April 14, 2020 or an -AM extension, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:
```

| Mule App to a Mule App
| Yes
a| 
If the following conditions exist, then metrics do not appear for a connection:

* The source node is a standalone Mule app
* The app uses an HTTP Connector version earlier than 1.5.12
* The app uses a Mule 4.x version with Anypoint Monitoring Agent released before April 6, 2020
* Additional header injection is not enabled

> `Inbound metrics may be inaccurate or not appear when the source of the connection is a Mule app using Mule runtime version 4.x. Learn how to view connections and their metrics properly.`

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, the following message appears:

`Inbound metrics may be inaccurate or not appear when the source of the connection is a Mule app using Mule runtime version 4.x. Learn how to view connections and their metrics properly.`
```

| Mule App to a Mule App
| Yes

> | If the source node is a standalone Mule app using HTTP connector version below 1.5.12 on Mule version 4.x with Anypoint Monitoring Agent before April 6, 2020 and you have not enabled the additional header injection, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:

Reviewer: Yeah...these are really confusing. We need a solution. Maybe something like...:

If the following conditions exist, then metrics do not appear for a connection:

* The source node is a standalone Mule app
* The app uses an HTTP Connector version earlier than 1.5.12
* The app uses Mule 4.x with Anypoint Monitoring Agent before April 6, 2020 
[is this a VERSION? this needs to be explained, I think: what does using "before" a date mean?]
* Additional header injection is not enabled.

The following message appears:

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace "below" with "earlier than."

Reviewer: GLOBALLY capitalize the approved abbreviation HTTP Connector after establishing Anypoint Connector for HTTP.
Be sure to capitalize Connector and to not precede with "the."

Author: ```suggestion
a| 
If the following conditions exist, then metrics do not appear for a connection:

* The source node is a standalone Mule app
* The app uses an HTTP Connector version earlier than 1.5.12
* The app uses a Mule 4.x version with Anypoint Monitoring Agent released before April 6, 2020
* Additional header injection is not enabled
```

> | If the source node is a standalone Mule app using HTTP connector version below 1.5.12 on Mule version 4.x with Anypoint Monitoring Agent before <insert UA 2.2.2 hybrid release date> and you have not enabled the additional header injection, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:

Reviewer 2: Apr 6 2020

Author: ```suggestion
| If the source node is a standalone Mule app using HTTP connector version below 1.5.12 on Mule version 4.x with Anypoint Monitoring Agent before April 6, 2020 and you have not enabled the additional header injection, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:
```

| Mule App to a Mule App
| Yes

> | If the source node is a Runtime Fabric app using HTTP connector below 1.5.12 on Mule version 4.x before April 7, 2020 and you have not enabled the additional header injection, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:

Reviewer: ditto all previous edits, including removing the comma if you do not reformat

Author: ```suggestion
a| 
If the following conditions exist, then metrics do not appear for a connection:

* The source node is a Runtime Fabric app
* The app uses an HTTP Connector version earlier than 1.5.12
* The app uses a Mule 4.x version with Anypoint Monitoring Agent released before April 6, 2020
* Additional header injection is not enabled

Additionally, the following message appears:

```

> | If the source node is a Runtime Fabric app using HTTP connector below 1.5.12 on Mule version 4.x before <insert rtf release date with UA 2.2.2> and you have not enabled the additional header injection, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:

Reviewer 2: Apr 7 2020

Author: ```suggestion
| If the source node is a Runtime Fabric app using HTTP connector below 1.5.12 on Mule version 4.x before April 7, 2020 and you have not enabled the additional header injection, then metrics do not appear on that connection, and the following message appears:
```
